README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/coldenate/remcord/main/public/rn-profile-logo.svg" alt="Remnote Horiz Logo" width="400" height="200"><br/>
RemCord - 💬 Discord RPC for RemNote 📚</h1>

<h3 align="center">A Discord RPC Connection to Remnote. Currently only works on Desktop!</h3>

<br/>

## Usage

You can use RemCord with your Desktop installation of Remnote!

 <!-- Simply open Discord and run the `Connect to Discord Gateway` command on RemNote to begin the connection!
As you traverse RemNote, the extension will be automatically updating your presence. -->

1. Download and run the `RemCordHelper` application from the [releases](https://github.com/coldenate/RemCordHelper/releases).
2. Open the Application and check for the `Connected to Discord` green light.
   - Sometimes, MacOS may block it. Move the app file to the Applications folder, right click on the application from Finder, hold `option` + `shift` and click open. Then click open on the new prompt.
   - When it is running, look for it in your menubar. It is a tray application. If it does not connect to Discord, click the icon, and click `Reconnect to Discord`.
3. Open RemNote and download the RemCord Plugin from the [RemNote Plugin Store](https://remnote.com/plugins/remcord).
4. If not already connected, run the `Connect to Discord Gateway` command on RemNote to begin the connection!
5. If the helper application is running, you should see the `Connected to RemNote` on the RemCordHelper tray app!
   - If it's not working, try editing some rems or studying your flashcard queue. Those trigger the events that talk to Discord.
6. You're all set! Start studying!!

### Troubleshooting

- Restart the RemCordHelper app **with `Discord` _and_ `RemNote` already open.**
- Contact me!

## Thanks to

- [xhayper](https://github.com/xhayper) for the [Discord RPC](https://github.com/xhayper/discord-rpc)!
- [bjsi](https://github.com/bjsi) for the encouragement and technical help! I asked many questions on the Discord, and he was always there to help! _Thank you so much!_ 🙏
- RemNote for the amazing tool and documentation!

## Notes (pun intended)

In my [shared thoughts](./thoughts.md) I talk about some things with this project. I'd love to hear your thoughts!

> If you'd like to help with that, feel free to make a pull request, or contact me on Discord! (cold#8448 | I am on the [RemNote official Discord Server](https://discord.gg/t5MCBFnWEe) too!)

Commit message:

✨ feat: add youtube video tutorial!

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/coldenate/remcord/main/public/logo.svg" alt="Remnote Horiz Logo" width="400" height="200"><br/>
RemCord - 💬 Discord RPC for RemNote 📚</h1>

<h3 align="center">A Discord RPC Connection to Remnote. Works everywhere!</h3>

<br/>

## Usage

<details>
   <summary>Youtube Tutorial for setting up RemCord</summary>

   [![Alt text](https://img.youtube.com/vi/zYc0n0ClLCk/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYc0n0ClLCk)
   
</details>

1. Open RemNote and download the RemCord Plugin from the [RemNote Plugin Store](https://remnote.com/plugins/remcord).
2. Go to any Rem in RemNote (just an empty one is fine) and type `/link`
   1. Click or hit enter on the command called **Link Discord Account for RemNote Discord RPC**
   2. On the widget that pops up, click on `Link Discord Account and Get Code`
      1. Copy the code that pops up
   3. Paste your code into the text box in the RemCord widget and click `Submit`
3. You're all set! Start studying!!

## Thanks to

- [xhayper](https://github.com/xhayper) for the [Discord RPC](https://github.com/xhayper/discord-rpc)!
- [bjsi](https://github.com/bjsi) for the encouragement and technical help! I asked many questions on the Discord, and he was always there to help! _Thank you so much!_ 🙏
- RemNote for the amazing tool and documentation!
